Use logical OR instead of null coalesce for LOG_LEVEL (#1846)
smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js: .changeset/slow-eagles-reflect.md

---
'@chainlink/ea-bootstrap': patch
---

> Use getEnv for LOG_LEVEL and NODE_ENV vars

Author: ```suggestion
Use logical OR instead of null coalesce for LOG_LEVEL
```
